[Music]
Salman Khan is also known as the man
with the golden heart and here he was at
the trust set up by him that is Salman
Khan foundation for helping the cause of
the underprivileged
you know the type who really really
deserve help you do being human
Charitable Trusts head start a start
whatta man appeared here get the hell it
can take a juice my lo tiene that is the
biggest charity
everybody's got a heart nobody's doing
anything extraordinary but today I'm
Salman like everybody has a heart I have
a heart chakras are about the gold so
now now you can say Salman Khan with a
golden heart because all his gold is
going to come to me man
Salman strongly believes that education
and healthcare are very important for
every child and so he along with mingle
Choksey CMT of Gitanjali group launched
the being human gold coins I'm very
proud to be associated with his project
project when I met someone
few days before thought about this idea
that why don't we come up with his
golden coins you know India is very
passionate about gold uses about
thousand ton of gold so even if they buy
one ton of gold in this form as a big
human a lot can be done for his
foundation and I I hope that all of you
will receive this idea with chalk see
subs you know good intention and
me I read on this gold anything
Kennecott la vieja key would I
understand go three times a ciabatta
John encrypts Abu Bakr is naturally
given job of Voltaire attained a high
profit margin retire k-pot come hotel or
go profit kisi gold page novella
photography okay Choksey suffer up top
in Jogja
especially a cold guineas candidate not
chaka chaka chaka namuci jaga jaga the
moon shone que pasa hamari being human
Foundation Trust Me tiger at the special
launch Salma's brothers soil and Arbaaz
and sisters are pita and Alvira
accompanied him to well it is a known
fact that charity begins at home
they say that charity begins at home and
with us all the brothers and sisters
it has begun at homeless Salman
recollected his childhood days and as
memories flooded in he seemed to get
emotional Jamaican even hurt socks are
Kahuna hey come on daddy cake go sides
in indoor say but none of me out like a
everyone checks their appetite
okay get an alcohol hustle time or both
those unfortunate mill guys my father my
father called him home they come and
have dinner and drink with us so
drinking spinning about that friend of
my father's was invited on the dinner
table and was both Karthik as a
monitor to Carnival about Tampa I could
was slightly awaked I could hear my
mother saying hey
Anahata Moga Jelena Jelena Khanna poor
neighborhood might have was a car game
or don't appetizer vomited parinita ma
Maneesha rakia daddy cocaine which
beanie much I my father at that time
didn't have any choice or anomaly we
always asleep in one room hamari our
bedroom color mother :
it's a boom era success foot of a child
so head to me sahaja charity began their
long time back we used to hear it in
stories today guess what a great fan of
Salman
Vikram Jane from Dubai actually put
Salman on a weighing scale and
equivalent to his weight both silver
which again the proceeds went into the
charity see what Salman had to say yes
as muche
Mary wasn't Calle silver at curry Dre
yeah but I gave you Ramadan children's
for Hanukkah cheese Bundy gosh you see
Ottoman in the military now when new
releases are about to happen with Salman
as the most awaited on screen he passed
on the message of long-term savings he
strongly believes that instead of buying
sweets and dry fruits only this festive
season everyone should buy gold coins
which will be of use and bad times if
any and at the same time proceeds go
towards the charity
kakuka 3 yeah dry food yes sir the say
coverage the bad things would come
through what goes up comes down
adds to pressure him out succubus I'm
sure joining up a bad hand
on campus here it s over tiger Vitalik
hosta I pray came to you about the
cabina and hyssop and ligand job either
so up was poor going to publish the cash
flow but on Saturday across cash go
utilize Kirk a parent purpose a goal
crease a claim of being human ki k
Foundation and our success
well if everyone thought this way the
world would be a better place on man
[Music]
watch war log on to www.hsn.com